# Clustering-Barron-s-333-word-list-using-unsupervised-machine-learning
Covering Natural Language Processing (NLP), Term Frequency-Inverse Document Frequency (TF-IDF), Singular Value Decomposition (SVD), K-Means, t-Distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE) and many other techniques for data scraping, feature engineering and data visualization to demonstrate how we can cluster data from scratch.

When I started with my GRE preparation, after going through many resources (for the vocab section) I found that there are some words that are pretty common to appear in the exam and Barron's high-frequency word list is one of the renowned resource that solves this problem. To begin with, I picked Barron's 333 which is one such word list that contains 333 most frequently occurring words in GRE. The next challenge was learning these words so I came up with a plan, if I could somehow group similar words together it would make the learning process much easier. But how to do that? Manually grouping these words would be way more challenging than simply learning the words as they are. After pondering for some time, it occurred to me why not let the machine do all the hard work! I think with a capability of above one million million floating-point operations per second it is much better for these types of tasks than I am so let's get started and see how to build a model from scratch that clusters similar words together.

Find the discreptive blog here: https://towardsdatascience.com/how-i-used-machine-learning-to-strategize-my-gre-preparation-75e904a63fd8?source=friends_link&sk=6b97794a8c9647bd3e2429c4ae9b9d23
